---
layout: docs
title: GitHub integration
permalink: github-integration/
---

# GitHub integration

*sbt-hood* can also output comparison results to a GitHub pull request as comments, as well as
setting mergeability states. This allows you to set up the plugin within your CI pipelines and avoid
merging code that decreases your performance under the thresholds you've specified to the plugin.

In order to allow *sbt-hood* to communicate with GitHub you'll need to set these additional settings:

* `gitHubToken`: GitHub access token. It can be generated by going to `Developer settings > Personal access tokens` within your user settings.
* `gitHubUserId`: GitHub ID for the user publishing the benchmark comparisons results in your pull requests.
* `repositoryOwner`: owner of the repository where the plugin will post updates.
* `repositoryName`: name of the repository where the plugin will post updates.
* `pullRequestNumber`: pull request number where the plugin will post updates.
* `targetUrl`: optional URL to the CI job, allowing GitHub to show a link to your CI job besides the mergeability status (i.e.: `TRAVIS_JOB_WEB_URL` under TravisCI).

Once these are set up, you can configure your CI scripts to call the following *sbt-hood* command:

```
compareBenchmarksCI
```

This command runs the previously described `compareBenchmarks` command (thus showing the comparison
results in your CI job logs), and later sends a request to GitHub API to create a state for your
pull request. Any comparison resulting in an `error` for any of your benchmarks will create an
erroneous state in your pull request, thus disallowing mergeability until these are taken care of.

By fine tuning the different settings of the plugin within your CI pipelines you can make sure that
your applications stay performant during every code iteration.
